Added error code for overlapping function signatures (#17597)
python/mypy: docs/source/error_code_list.rst

See :ref:`overloading <function-overloading>` for more explanation.

.. _code-overloaded-function-matching:

> Check error code of overload function signature match

Reviewer: The documentation should say something about when this error happens and what to do about it.

See :ref:`overloading <function-overloading>` for more explanation.

.. _code-overload-cannot-match:

> Check error code of overload function signature match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check for overload signatures that cannot match [overload-cannot-match]
```

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

In the case of an overloaded function, if one of the signatures is never accessible, this error may occur.

> An example where this can occur is with the utilization of floats and int types, due to the behavior of integers matching floats in mypy.

Reviewer: An example involving float/int isn't great because it relies on another subtle part of the type system. Better to give an example that is more basic, such as having the first overload take `object` and the second `int`.

Author: Valid point. I made some edits to this- please let me know if that looks ok.

> In the case of an overloaded function, if one of the signatures is never accessible, this error may occur.
> An example where this can occur is with the utilization of object and int types.
> Consider swapping the declaration of the two types so that the narrower signature is declared before the broader signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warn if an ``@overload`` variant can never be matched, because an earlier
overload has a wider signature. For example, this can happen if the two
overloads accept the same parameters and each parameter on the first overload
has the same type or a wider type than the corresponding parameter on the second
overload.
```

Example:

.. code-block:: python

    from typing import overload, Union

    @overload

>     def process(response1: object,response2: object) -> object:
>         ...
>     @overload
>     def process(response1: int,response2: int) -> int: # E: Overloaded function signature 2 will never be matched: signature 1's parameter type(s) are the same or broader  [overload-cannot-match]
>         ...
> 
>     def process(response1,response2)-> Union[object,int]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    def process(response1: object, response2: object) -> object:
        ...
    @overload
    def process(response1: int, response2: int) -> int: # E: Overloaded function signature 2 will never be matched: signature 1's parameter type(s) are the same or broader  [overload-cannot-match]
        ...

    def process(response1: object, response2: object) -> object:
```

>     return response1 + response2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        return response1 + response2
```
